okay how's everybody doing today well I
just thought come on and give you a
little update um loving my hair as you
can see i'm friday i'm probably gonna go
cut off by a little bit more i still
have a little straight on my hair and go
get that cut off but i've been looking
at everybody's products that they've
been using and I just thought I would
come on and show you what I found that I
actually like a lot um as far as with my
scalp it gets very oily so I have to
kind of bum wash my hair every other day
just to help it out in them I found that
tea tree is pretty good and I found this
website um going natural calm and they
have some really really nice products
and my favorite would have to be they
have this Eden hair product package and
what it is is you have your you're all
natural shampoo peppermint and tea tree
oh my god I love this stuff to death and
it smells good also they have they're
all natural conditioner as well know if
you can see that and it's also
peppermint tea tree this stuff is great
y'all telling you and then um for a
little bit of oil i use their um their
julbo hobo or georgia Bobo oil sorry I
don't know how to pronounce it and then
actually all comes in a little package
kit you get the shampoo the conditioner
and the oil um also are probably
shouldn't be putting this in my hair but
it kind of helps my hair out a little
bit since I still have two straight on
where I um I just give it a little
moisturizer and it kind of helps curl my
hair just a little bit and i actually
just used the soft sheen care free curl
gold and no i don't have a curl in my
hair but with my hair and the mixture of
this it actually
it actually works pretty good it
actually makes my hair curl up a little
bit better um I really don't have too
much else other than say except for I
really enjoy watching everybody's videos
it's very inspiring I didn't know that
my hair was gonna start groans fast when
I had the relaxers my hair just was not
growing the way I thought I should you
know it was shedding and everything and
now I just don't know what to do it
myself because it's growing faster than
I thought it would but I love it um
other than that you know I'm keep
looking at everybody's websites trying
to get ideas of what to put on my hair
to help it grow more but just want to
say thank you to everybody and i'll be
giving y'all an update later on all
righty bye